Good morning family. I'm excited to be with you again today. I have some things I want to say.
I was driving around this evening and praying like I normally do, and the Lord spoke to me.
He said, 'Brandon, I want you to make a video entitled What Are You Believing For in 2024?'and I want you to talk to the people to encourage them to believe me for the impossible in 2024.
Believe for the impossible; believe for something so big and so out of your comprehension that it would only take God to move in your circumstances.
That's what I'm talking about—something so huge, not something easily achievable.
You can believe for that, but believe for something that without God's intervention, without God's help, it would be impossible to achieve.
That's what I'm trying to say. Every year, my wife and I write down everything we're believing for at the beginning of the year.
In January, we make the vision plain—the Bible says, 'Write the vision out and make it plain.'We write down everything we're believing for.
For example, right now we're believing for a new home, a bigger house for our family.
We're believing for Megan. It doesn't matter; nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Put some small things on there too, but I'm trying to encourage you that the Lord told me to come on here and talk to you all about what you are believing for in 2024.
Back in October, a man approached me and asked me to pray with him for a spouse.
I told him, 'Write down every quality of what you're believing for.'Be realistic now; you don't have to be flaky with it, like 'I want a blonde bombshell'or whatever your heart's desire is.
God will give you the desire of your heart, but write down what you're believing for in a Christian spouse.
Petition the Lord for your new spouse. Believe God and petition him for a child or whatever.
Nothing's too big. You may be barren and unable to have a child.
Write the vision down: 'Lord, I'm believing you and I am petitioning you, Father, for a baby for our home.'But first, you need to be married.
Don't be trying to believe God for a baby outside of wedlock; you need to get married first and make it right. Believe God for a baby and he'll bring it to pass.
If he would bring a baby in the deadness of Sarah's womb with Abraham at 90-something years old, look at what you could have.
God's no respecter of persons; if he'll bless Abraham with a baby, Isaac, he'll bless you too.
I believe with all my heart. You just lay hands on your stomach and start praying over your womb.
Start calling that in and saying, 'I call my ovaries to produce. I call my uterus to do what it's called to do.
I call my husband's seed to produce in the name of Jesus.'Lay hands on each other and believe God for the supernatural in your life.
I've seen it happen, and people come back and say, 'We're having a baby.'I'm telling you, nothing's too big for our God.
If you ladies are believing for a husband, write it down, pray over it, and take communion over it.
Call that husband in. Put yourself in a position to meet this person.
Like I told him, you may need to relocate to a different city.
The Lord says, 'Hey, your husband or your wife is in such-and-such place,'and you're believing for it, but you live in Kalamazoo and they live somewhere else.
Put yourself in the position to hear him so you will be in the right place at the right time.
The steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Remember that and believe him that you'll be in the right place at the right time.
Be on the lookout. Expectation brings the manifestation of what you've been believing for.
He tells me that all the time: 'Brandon, expectation brings your manifestation.'Be expecting him to bring the manifestation.
He's already paid the price for your healing, for your deliverance, for prosperity, or whatever.
But he said that he gives you power to get it done. He gives you power to get wealth.
We have authority in this earth over basically everything because we're seated with him in the heavenlies.
According to Ephesians, we are seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
If we're seated with him and we are joint-heirs with him, nothing's too big.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all: spouses, babies, finances, houses, whatever. But make the vision plain. Find scripture to stand on.
I'm going to say that again: find scripture concerning your circumstances to believe God for.
You have to have scripture to back your prayers. Don't just be praying flipping things, because you need word to back it.
You have to find word to back what you're believing for so that you know it lines up with the word of God.
He doesn't want anybody to be alone or barren. He said, 'The fruit of your womb will be blessed.'My vine will not cast its fruit before the time.
If you have problems with miscarriages, my vine will not cast fruit before the time, and he said he rebukes the devourer for your sake.
The devourer is eating your seed, your fruit of your womb, and you have authority over that by praying and commissioning your womb not to cast fruit before its time.
That's in Deuteronomy 28. Believe that and stand on the word.
I'm just trying to throw some things out there of what you could believe for in 2024.
I felt a lot of people are believing for children, spouses, or finances because they're broke and don't have enough to make it paycheck to paycheck.
God is not a paycheck-to-paycheck God; he is an overflow God that is exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think according to the power that worketh in you.
He is an overflow God. You may not own a home; you may live in a rental house or a lease, and you want your own home. I drive around and I dream all the time.
I drive around and look at homes and say, 'Father, I know that you're the God that owns the cattle on a thousand hills, and I know that you produce wealth in my hands.
Father, you'll take care of my family and we'll have a good house, a place to lay our head at night that's good and insulated, protects us in the winter, and is good in the summer.
Lord, I need a bigger home so my daughter can have her own room, because my oldest one needs her own room because she has special needs.'I thank you, Lord, that not only you're going to heal Megan, but God, you'll provide a bedroom for my little one.
That's what I do; I pray for it and God gives you the desires of your heart.
Ladies and gentlemen, I believe with all my heart he's not broke.
He's not up there going, 'Well, I got to talk to Jesus and see if our bank accounts are okay to provide a new home.'He doesn't go, 'Well, no, we're a little low up here in heaven; we got to cash in one of our gold bricks or some pearls because we're a little low.'No, he's an overflow God.
He has more than enough for you. He'll give you a creative idea to get wealth. All you have to do is switch over your stinking thinking.
It's your thinking; if it's poverty-minded, you think, 'Well, God doesn't love me, he's not going to take care of me.'No, he loves you. Faith works by love.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, there's people on your channel that are asking me why their faith is not working.'He said, 'Faith works by love.'If you want to know why your prayers aren't getting answered when you're petitioning him for things like healing, check your love walk.
If your love walk isn't right with him and you're treating people like trash—your spouse, your kids, your neighbor—love... faith works by love. It's that simple.
I automatically go to my love gauge, and if it isn't full and you aren't walking in love, maybe that's why your faith isn't working. It's so true and real.
The Bible even talks about how if you aren't honoring your wife and treating her with respect, the Lord doesn't hear your prayers.
I don't have the exact street address for that chapter and verse, but it's in the Bible.
Google it. I'll have my son find it and put it in the video right here.
If you don't honor your wife and treat her right, your prayers aren't going to be heard.
You've got to honor your wives, husbands; you've got to treat them with respect and pray for them.
If you want your prayers to be answered, you've got to walk in love and goodness. People do you wrong all the time.
I have a problem sometimes holding a grudge, and the Lord tells me, 'Love takes no account of a suffered wrong, Brandon.
You got to let it go.'Love takes no account of a suffered wrong; love is patient, love is kind.
Look at all the things the Bible says love is. That's where you have to base where your faith is at; it's like a gauge.
First John 4 says, 'Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God; and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love.'Then it says in other scriptures that perfect love casteth out all fear because fear has torment.
There's so much about putting your faith in motion, but love is the fuel behind your faith.
It's like putting jet fuel in a jet. The jet's not going to take off and do what it has to do without it.
When you operate in faith, you put your love walk and love fuel in there to make the jet go.
I'm trying my best to explain this to you all. Going back, write the vision down and make it plain.
What are you believing for in 2024? Believe big; you're thinking too small. Get your love walk right and write down the vision.
You're going to be amazed at how many things God brought to pass in your life.
I write it down, I anoint that vision with oil, I call it in, and I plead the blood of Jesus over it.
I take communion, which is a covenant between me and the Father.
He said, 'Do this in remembrance of me.'When you eat that cracker, you partake of him.
I believe with all my heart, 'Father, you flow through these veins; you are inside of me.
I hear you clearly because you dwell on the inside of me.'I am wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He fills all of me.
If you have a problem with smoking and you're believing to be free from tobacco or for a healing, write it down and call it in.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. Find scriptures.
'I call myself delivered from nicotine. I'm delivered from drugs or pornography.
I am free from bondage from satanical addictions. I speak to strongholds.
I am free from generational strongholds.'The Bible says, 'For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.'You are free.
You have to believe that, but find scriptures for what you're believing for.
Most people say, 'I don't have any scriptures I'm standing on,'and you're not going to receive anything because it's the word that backs the prayer.
That's what puts faith in motion with love. It's like a formula.
You've got to put the love walk first—put the fuel in the jet—but you've got to find word to stand on.
It puts the wind in the sail. Get the word down inside of you, ladies and gentlemen.
That's what's going to change your life. You know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Not all this stuff everybody talks about regarding casting out devils.
You aren't going to stay free if you don't have the word inside of you.
That devil's going to come back with eight more of his buddies and you're going to be bound even worse.
Jesus said, 'Go and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you.'He's trying to warn you: stay out of sin, strife, and compromise.
Seek the Lord with all your heart. His word says that the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole world looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
Let his eyes fall upon you today. Be that vessel that can be used by God in these last days.
Get that word inside of you. People died for you to be able to read that. They sacrificed their lives; that's how important it was.
It's the only thing the devil tries to distract you from: getting in prayer and getting in the word.
Find verses that you understand—use the Amplified or the New Living Translation.
If you don't understand the King James, that's fine; get something you can read.
Your life will be changed. I hope that made some sense. Believe for the impossible because God wants to do something big today. He loves you so much and has a plan for your life.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospers.'He wants you to be prosperous in your soul and your family.
Prosperity is being blessed; your children are blessed, not sick or strung out on drugs.
He wants you to have a successful home. Jesus loves you and I love you guys. Thank you for watching me. It's a blessing.
I still shake myself all the time because I used to believe for ministry for years, and to see that God would use me...
I'm thankful he's brought all this to pass. This was one of the things I wrote on my paper for years: that I could help people.
Lord, I just thank you right now in the name of Jesus for every person believing for the impossible, for you make all things possible to him that believe.
No matter how big or small, you're faithful. I speak to their circumstances and I call those things that be not as though they were.
Someone's spouse is going to become radically saved in 2024.
The Lord just told me they're coming in. Your spouse is coming to Jesus.
The harvest is coming in for souls in 2024. I'm calling in the wayward children.
I'm calling in the healings that seem impossible. Those days of 'hope deferred makes the heart sick'are done.
Let the healing power of Jesus flow through them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Father, I thank you. From cancers to diabetes, there is always a 'suddenly.'We call the 'suddenly'to happen now.
faith calls those things that be not as though they were now. We call them delivered.
There is overflow coming to your house: creative ideas to get wealth, raises, bonuses, benefits, and sales.
Interest and returns, rebates, gifts, and surprises. Finding money and bills paid off.
Believe it all; there's overflow coming to your house. Expectation brings the manifestation.
God's got you in the palm of his hand and he loves you so much. Thank you for being a part of our little YouTube channel.
Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell. God's got an amazing plan for your future.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we will see you next time. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.